the case work is not even good if it
they ask why I'm up above
a building honestly I do not either
I know I was flying with a helicopter and
I lost the propellers so it was a demanding and
I miss not those times that you fly
so watching around you and crystals
for something do not turn to see and price
you lose the helicopter and you stay
stuck up the roof yes but as
it is because I have to get out of here not
obviously to begin with not with the video
not what I'm going to teach you already
what they came and is that something came
if you do not get caught and well finally what
I got what good that a kind and humble
lady was lent to help me not me
he lent his car this man is very kind
the truth did lend itself to lend me his
car and then I have it well maybe
do not be so kind to play like me
I thought it was true
rays now I'll have to hide
some days maybe but well then in
this grand teton 25 video online
now the video officially begins
that comes to my apartment to whatever
on the server I will show you a
secret a reference to the big one
up to car 4
how good is a reference like that to
liberty city which is more or less the same
and by the way you already saw this painting or
it is something magnificent has never given
account in these things these paintings
also the paintings from there saw them
you as very artistic this
department has many things as you see
there it has some artistic things but
good because I tell you all this is
artistic medium as you know when you
you buy this department where you
online before you buy it in the
purchase message tells the owner
this one went away so it just went
was and how was he so millionaire
I do not leave all the furniture here
and that made me think something very very
curious because they said that the owner
old had
I had never seen the kitchen I do not know if
you noticed that this place this
department had kitchen because it's the
first time I see that the department
has kitchen that is the first one writes
the kitchen of this department and then
that one that can be good as they
they said they said the old owner had
so much money that he left put furnished
no and this made me think of one thing not
because who else or who else has the most
a lot of money and it goes without warning like this
as if from nothing he does not sell the almost goes
so we go to this location here
as you see here is the liberty book
city there is no book of I wanted liberty
city ​​pop art well so maybe this
someone's department like that
like art or there more or less what
he likes to have here the good atmosphere and
he had a book of the liberty city not
like pop art that pop art itself
they do not know it is like an art that is
use as well as in comics or when
do as some caricature as of
some popular announcement something that comes out in
the newspaper is not able to search for
google order and they will leave this
images and they go to sleep but
They are like comic drawings, not like a
book of photos but then in caricature and
well here we also have another book and
this made me think something because I eat
in gta 5 they want you to see that book
because what idiot is bought twice the
same good book in fact three books
there is this a third book somewhere else
I will also teach him but here
Well, we have this book, not the liberty
pop art also this book of
perfume that is a book of this book of
done if there is a book that is
flame perfume is indeed a movie
I will also take out this movie not like
the history of approximate chamba tist
something like that and so perfume as well as killed
people and this file is cool they should
see that movie is like this if you raffle and
good if we get off here in our
fourth let's find the third book
good if they have this department if not
they have it from everyone here is the
good video since we went down to the room
to us until here to the bottom and we
let's find the third book there
this liberty city pop art also there
there are the same books and I repeat again
what before that idiot is bought the
same book three times are not
left
three times and this makes me think
strongly that this department was of
niko bellic of gta 4 because then not to be
a millionaire this left as the house well
as furnished they say criminals
they have to be like moving
quickly because then if not the
they catch and all that is liberty city and
well I do not know or be a millionaire liberty
city and leave the furniture fast was like that
as something very strange not and as you know in
the end of gta 4 good I do not know what final
have done but in the end when
they kill Roman you know what time
then your wife speaks to you of roman
or the brownie ccoo and he says to hey no
Well, I 'm going to have a son and only
say so do not worry do not tell your
son who is not going to have to worry
not for nothing that is I'm here wool
well so that someone does not worry
for nothing, never
I suppose you must have a lot of money
and then I do not know if this house was the same
nikko as well as he suddenly came not
hide and leave it there furnished for
go somewhere else and leave it out there the
books I had from liberty city ​​but
well that would be all for this video
not what you think is interesting enough
it's not all then the books of freedom
and the house until he left it and I believe in
millionaire, do not give us the opinion that
look like that because nothing else that would be
I hope you liked it, thank you
for watching this video and until next time
neighborhood
I'm sorry I had to say that